So I wanna cover redirection.
So how do you make something redirect
to somewhere else from Nginx?
But not too hard, but a useful command.
We're gonna talk about Gzip, what it is,
how and how compression works.
Then we're going to add a subdomain to
your application, just in case you need
one, it's always helpful to do that,
again, it's a little bit tricky.
But it's not too tricky, but
it's not as intuitive as you think.
So the first one, if you want to
modify your virtual configuration,
your virtual server and say, I need a when
I go to jumps act out LOL, slash help.
It actually just redirects me to
the Mozilla Developer documentation.
You can do that.
You don't have to do this right
now this just an example of how
to do a redirection in Nginx.
Let's talk a bit about Gzip.
Anybody know what Gzip is,
have you heard of it?
Well, most things why, not most things,
html pages ec cetera, but
they follow Gzips,
a lot of things are gzipped.
Gzip is just a compression algorithm that
is run on Nginx, that compresses things.
The browser, it's one of the few things
the browser actually knows how to do.
So that way we're not sending
these massive files over the wire,
we're actually sending
compressed files over the wire.
And the browser knows how to unpack them,
Nginx knows how to pack them up.
We can adjust our Gzip
settings in /@cnginx.conf and
you scroll down the Gzip,
and you can set the level.
Now the temptation is always
accept the compression level,
which says about 6 by the faults.
You want to say, I want to turn it to 9,
just as it goes, but remember,
that means every single connection
coming from this computer,
that needs extra CPU power
to do that compression.
So it's got to take those files,
and it's got to compress them,
it's gonna decompress it
the other way as well.
So generally 6 is considered the right
balance, speed and performance.
If you're like, hey,
I'm not running a lot and
I want as much performance as possible,
turn up to 9.
But in general in production systems,
you're not gonna do that.
And feel free to play with it in /etc
says vi etc/nginx/nginx.conf if you
want to mess with Gzip, you don't need
to but it's nice to know it's there.
But how does compression work?
And this is my most simplified
example I can think of.
So compression algorithm is
just a way of rewriting a file,
essentially, in a much way.
So a file is always going to break
down into 1s and 0s at the core,
that's what we're doing right now,
just moving 1s and 0s around.
So what if, instead of having
this long chain of 1s and 0s,
we just describe it
a little bit differently?
So compression algorithm will say,
hey, you got this line of code or
this file, how about we just
described it as it's 4 0s, and
then 3 1s, and then 1 0,
then 1 1s, then 5 0s?
You do that over and over and over again.
And it turns out you have this giant
gigabyte file, and you can compress it
down to a few megabytes just
by describing it differently.
And that's how a compression
algorithm works, and
there's different ways
of describing the files.
Now you're saying that's awesome, Jem,
what's the difference between compression
and hashing because they seem a little
bit different or they seem very similar?
Well, compression always has a fixed
output, and it's going to be as small as
possible versus hashing, we don't
actually care about the size as much.
So that's really kind of the difference.
And one is designed to be unpacked,
like you can't compress something without
uncompressing it, otherwise,
what's the point?
Versus hashing is not necessarily designed
to be reversed the other way around.
And this is just a random fun fact,
because we're front engineers
here you can't Gzip a picture,
why nots, but you can but
it won't do anything, why not?
>> They're compressed.
>> That's right,
the images are already compressed.
That's why the old days, anybody who
clitter on a bitmap knows that a bitmap
is 5 megabytes, but a png of that
same image can be 30 kilobytes.
Because png, I kind of think it's some
other, what are some other image formats?
>> JPEG.
>> Isn't that lossy?
>> JPEG can be lossy, yeah and
PNG isn't necessarily, but
those are all compression
algorithms we're talking about.
You remember MP3s?
I know I'm dealing with stuff, I can't
believe if you all know what MP3 are, but
>> How do they not know what MP look like?
Did everybody move over to FLAC or
something?
>> Some people don't know what MP3,
like why would you know anymore?
Spotify, and YouTube, and all that.
>> Yeah, YouTube, yes.
>> Yeah, MP3 is what
a compression of a WAV file, and
they're all from the same group.
JPEG is joint picture expert group.
MP3 is motion picture or that's MPEG but
same motion picture expert group,
again that we compressed down to MP3.
Yeah, these are just
compression algorithms, really,
really powerful things.